
Prompt 1 

Hi GPT. I want to design a website and I want you to design a UI like a front end developer.
This website must be mobile responsive.
HTML, CSS and javascript should be used in the structure of this website.
The version must be up to date in every respect.
You should not add any comments or write an explanation to the codes you write.
I want you to use Tailwind for CSS.
I want you to output the html, css and java script separately so that I can put them in separate files.
If you understand what I said, please write yes; if not, write no.


Answer 

Yes.


Prompt 2

The website is a porfolio gallery website and on this site, I want to show and sell the books I have written.
The tags I want to have on my website are (header, main, nav, section, article, aside, footer).
I want the content of the page to include 200x300 images in the gallery view, 4 in each grid, and I want the image content to be included here not to be cropped.
Can you help me create this website?


Prompt 3

In addition, I want to design the site to include pink and red tones. You can use css tailwind for this. I trust your design talent. Give me the code as a seperate code block from the html one. Lastly, just add a logo on top of the left corner and bottom of the right corner in the website.




Prompt 4

I also want to include the names and prices of books under the book pictures. Can you please help me with that and improve your html code with this feature?



Prompt 5 

I want to include a very big picture under the book informations, the bottom of the website. And I want to write description on the right of the picture. Can you help me with these too?




———————————————————————————


Kitap İsimleri İçin (Gemini AI)

Give me 4 book names to name my book. 


Açıklama (ChatGPT)

Write me an autobiography as an author. My name is Beyda Bucak. And I am currently studying computer engineering.


Site İsmi (GPT)
Please, take a break and then give me a website name to sell my books.




Görsel İçin Canva Kullandım.

Prompt 1
a simple and minimalist logo for a website called “Codelit Books”

Kitap Resmi Prompt ları
a cover of a book which is called “Whispers in the Wind”
a cover of a book which is called “Echoes of Eternity”
a cover of a book which called "Shadows of Serenity"

Fotoğraf Prompt u
an author woman whos name is Beyda Bucak (slightly blonde/brunette, a mugshot)



































